Programming Test Rubric
=======================

General Rubric
--------------

1. Correctness

  Does your code execute without errors within Chrome (version 48+)?
  Does your code correctly implement the specified functions?
  Does your code correctly handle special cases noted within the prompts?

2. Clarity

  Is your code properly formatted?
  Is your code well documented?
  Do you use intelligible and meaningful function and variable names?

3. Structure

  Is your code well organized conceptually?
  Do you make effective use of encapsulation and abstraction?

4. Conciseness

  Have you factored out common functions and shared variables to minimize redundancy?

5. Completeness

  Do your functions satisfy their specifications?
  Have you completed all of the given exercises?

Exercise Rubric
---------------

The maximum score on this test is 100 points (pts) where each of the following parts of the test account for 20% (20pts).

### Part I: Filter Functions (20%)

> 1. Create a function that accepts a citation array and an integer that represents a year and returns those citation objects within the array that were published in the given year.

* Correctness (70%):
  * The solution has the correct signature - I.E. it is a function that accepts two arguments and returns a citation array: the first argument is a citation array, the second argument is an integer. (2pt)
  * The function passes the following tests:
    * f (DATABASE, 1968)
    * f (DATABASE, 1990)
    * f (DATABASE, 2000)
* Clarity (10%): 
  * The solution uses consistent indenting and line breaks. (1pt)
  * The solution includes a comment explaining:
    * what the function does (2pt)
    * the function's arguments (1pt)
    * the function's argument types (1pt)
    * the return type (1pt)
  * The function name is descriptive - I.E. is not f, problem_1, or otherwise misleading. (1pt)
  * The variable names are descriptive. (1pt)
* Structure (10%):
  * bonus: the applicant factors out predicate functions (+ 0.6%).
* Conciseness (10%):
  * bonus: the applicant uses the Array Filter function (+ 0.6%)
* Completeness (0%):
  * N/A

> 2. Create a function that accepts a citation array and a string that represents an author's name and returns those array elements that were written by the given author.



> 3. Code a function that accepts a citation array and a string and returns those array elements whose titles contain the given string as a substring.
>
> Note: this function should return those entries that match the given string exactly - I.E. case sensitive.

### Part II: ConcatMap Function (20%)

> 4. Write a function that accepts a citation array object and returns an array listing the names of those authors listed in the array. The returned array should not contain any duplicate entries and should be sorted alphabetically.

### Part III: Search Functions (20%)

>  5. Code another function that accepts a citation array and an object that represents a search query and returns those array elements that match the query.
>
>  Note: Every search query object must have the following structure:
>
>  {title: STRING, authors: [STRING], years: {start: INT, end: INT}}
>
>  For example:
>
>  {title: 'Concrete', authors: ['Knuth'], years: {start: 1900, end: 2000}}
>
>  Every search parameter is optional. If the search query does not contain any search parameters, return every database entry.

### Part IV: Render Function (20%)

> Finally, write a function that accepts a citation array and returns an HTML table element that displays information about the citations contained within the array.
>
> Each row should display the title of the book, the book's authors (in a comma delimited list), and the year in which the book was published. The table must contain a header listing the column names, “Title”, “Authors”, and “Year. The table must also contain a footer that briefly describes each of the three columns.

### Part V: Output and Styling (20%)

> In index.html, create a simple web page that displays the table generated by the function described above when it is applied to the global DATABASE variable. In the index.css file include whatever CSS directives you need to ensure that the table displays even numbered rows with a light blue background.
